Welcome to Fantasy Ranch! //name pending lmao

<Insert brief backstory here??>

THE OBJECTIVE:
To protect the innocents and your own team from the enemies. This is to be done after a limited number of turns, and if the innocents are successfully defended by the end of the round, you win!

WORLD AND LEVELS:
This is a hub-world game in that you can choose worlds and levels within to attempt them and the objective to defeat them all with a party of 3. Beware: once a team member dies, it is not revived for the rest of the rounds.

HOW TO PLAY:

On the first turn, place your pieces by clicking free tiles. The game will alert you when you're unable to place pieces at a certain spot and at a certain time.
After the first turn, you and an AI will alternate in taking turns until the turn counter reaches 0.
Each piece (ally and enemy) has a limited amount of AP, or action points. A piece cannot do anything once their AP reaches 0. Movement of one tile uses up 1 AP, while attacking uses up 2 AP (you may dip into the negatives).
You can view the state of your allies and enemies by clicking the VIEW PARTY and VIEW ENEMIES buttons, respectively. 
Each piece has a variety of traits: attack, defense, HP, movement, and even weapons and flight. Use this to your advantage!

To move: click any one of your pieces --> click the MOVE button --> click any free tile that is above, below, to the left, or to the right of your piece (not diagonally) --> click the MOVE button again --> click the UPDATE STATE button.

To attack: click any one of your pieces --> click the ATTACK button --> click any tile occupied by an enemy that is above, below, to the left, or to the right of your piece (not diagonally) --> click the ATTACK button again --> click the UPDATE STATE button.

To heal: click any one of your pieces --> click the HEAL button. You can only heal if you are not at full health.

End your turn whenever your pieces have no AP or when you do not desire to make any moves. Do this by clicking the END TURN button. 

Good luck!


